Summary Yelp engineering culture is driven by our values: we’re a cooperative team that values individual authenticity and encourages creative solutions to problems. All new engineers deploy working code their first week, and we strive to broaden individual impact with support from managers, mentors, and teams. At the end of the day, we’re all about helping our users, growing as engineers, and having fun in a collaborative environment. Yelp connects users with great local businesses and empowers them to share their experiences, helping others discover new favorites. We’ve been on the forefront of iOS development for over a decade and continue to innovate and drive meaningful change to bring the best app experiences to consumers and business owners. We're looking for a Remote iOS Engineer based in Canada to join our Pro Response team. This small yet impactful iOS team plays a crucial role in enhancing user engagement for millions. In this role, you’ll play a key role in elevating communication standards for Yelp business users. You’ll work on both the business owner app and core consumer-facing features, helping empower businesses to shine in every customer interaction. You will drive the implementation of new features, maintain and enhance our codebase, and contribute to innovative projects that leverage the power of LLM to offer smart, context-aware guidance to businesses. This opportunity is fully remote and does not require you to be located in any particular area in Canada. We welcome applicants from throughout Canada. We’d love to have you apply, even if you don’t feel you meet every single requirement in this posting. At Yelp, we’re looking for great people, not just those who simply check off all the boxes. What You'll Do Build new features and flows in the Yelp Biz and consumer apps that help businesses connect with their customers even more efficiently. Scope, design, and implement projects from initial idea through release, collaborating closely with backend, full stack, Android, and cross-functional partners. Maintain and iterate on existing functionality to keep communication tools intuitive, fast, and reliable for business users. Make businesses overall experience easy and delightful, helping businesses find success on Yelp right away. What It Takes To Succeed Ideally 2 years of experience developing iOS applications in Swift (knowledge of Objective-C a plus for legacy support). Experience building intuitive, user-facing features and improving app UX. Familiarity with RESTful and GraphQL APIs: you know how to fetch, parse, and display data from services. Experience with iOS testing (unit/UI automation), release processes, and version control. Enthusiasm around working in and with diverse, remote teams. Curiosity and drive to own challenging engineering, scalability, and performance problems. What You'll Get Compensation range is $85,000-122,000 annually. Depending on your role and level, you may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. This opportunity has the option to be fully remote in all locations across Canada. You can find more information about Yelp's five star benefits here! Closing At Yelp, we believe that diversity is an expression of all the unique characteristics that make us human: race, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, disability, and education — and those are just a few. We recognize that diverse backgrounds and perspectives strengthen our teams and our product. The foundation of our diversity efforts are closely tied to our core values, which include “Playing Well With Others” and “Authenticity.” We’re proud to be an equal opportunity employer and consider qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other protected status. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations for individuals with disabilities in our job application process. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-recruiting@yelp.com or 1-415-969-8488. Note: Yelp does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to any recruiting alias or employee. Yelp is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Recruiting and Applicant Privacy Notice