Position: Software Developer Co-op/Intern Duration: 4 months Date: May 1st to September 1st 2023 Location: Hybrid in Ottawa, Canada  Come create the technology that helps the world act together  Nokia is committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile, fixed, and cloud networks. Your career here will have a positive impact on people’s lives and will help us build the capabilities needed for a more productive, sustainable, and inclusive world. We challenge ourselves to create an inclusive way of working where we are open to new ideas, empowered to take risks, and fearless to bring our authentic selves to work.  The team you’ll be part of   Cloud and Network Services  As Nokia's growth engine, we create value for communication service providers and enterprise customers by leading the transition to cloud-native software and as-a-service delivery models. Our inclusive team of dreamers, doers, and disruptors push the limits from impossible to possible.  Education Recommendations  Currently a candidate for a Bachelor’s degree or diploma in (for example, Computer Science, Computer Systems Engineering, etc.) or related field with an accredited school in Canada. What You Will Learn And Contribute To As part of our team, you will:  You will be part of an agile team responsible for the design, development, and testing of the iSIM product   Working closely with team members executing the Agile Scrum Software Development Methodology integrating per-sprint deliverables   Building, deploying, running, and troubleshooting cloud-native applications in containers e.g. Docker, Kubernetes   Writing and executing unit tests   Creating/maintaining Confluence pages, creating PowerBI dashboards  What Is Nokia Looking For From Me You have:  Strong ability to learn new concepts and technology   Self-driven, analytical, and results-oriented with proven sound judgment   Strong written and oral communication skills  It would be nice if you also had:  Software development expertise in Java, J2EE   Knowledge and interest in Cloud Computing   Knowledge of web development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)   Knowledge of Microsoft Power BI   Why we’re awesome  Nokia offers flexible and hybrid working schemes, continuous learning opportunities, well-being programs to support you mentally and physically, opportunities to join and get supported by employee resource groups, mentoring programs, and highly diverse teams with an inclusive culture where people thrive and are empowered. Company Culture:  We believe our people are our greatest asset and we aim to foster a fun, challenging, positive, and inclusive work environment. We offer 1-on-1 mentorship, learning and development opportunities, global impact and interaction, and flexible work/life balance. Meaningful Co-op Term:  During your co-op term, you will have the opportunity to test out the latest technologies and work on innovative projects that could leave a global impact. You get to use skills learned in the classroom and apply them to real work situations while gaining professional hands-on experience.  Nokia is committed to inclusion and is an equal-opportunity employer  Nokia has received the following recognitions for its commitment to inclusion & equality:  One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere   Gender-Equality Index by Bloomberg   Workplace Pride Global Benchmark   LGBT+ equality & best place to work by HRC Foundation  At Nokia, we act inclusively and respect the uniqueness of people. Nokia’s employment decisions are made regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law. We are committed to a culture of inclusion built upon our core value of respect. Join us and be part of a company where you will feel included and empowered to succeed.  See you this SUMMER 2023!!!  “My experience at Nokia has been amazing, one of the best learning experiences I ever had in my life. As Co-op student, it was an honor to be treated as any other full-time employee at Nokia. I got the freedom to design & implement my ideas. Working at Nokia as a Co-op student was the best thing that ever happened, it was a life changing opportunity.” – Ummar Tantray, Former Nokia Co-op student, Fall 2020 Follow and engage with us on social media: LinkedIn | Facebook | Instagram | Twitter @NokiaCareers Chat with our Nokia insiders to ask questions and learn more about us! Job Trainee - Trainee Primary Location North Americas-Canada-Ontario-Ottawa Schedule Full-time